HIP 129: Deployment impact updates (#1065)
helium/HIP: 0129-mobile-carrier-beta.md

## Deployment Impact

> Should this HIP pass, Nova Labs will complete the implementation and will collaboration with the foundation on deploying any required on-chain changes.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Should this HIP pass, Nova Labs will complete the implementation and will collaborate with the Helium Foundation on deploying any required on-chain changes.  
```
